Anthony/prox audio updates (#8316)
discord/discord-api-docs: developers/game-development/how-to-add-proximity-voice-chat-to-your-game.mdx

### 3. Intercepting the Audio

> When Discord receives and decodes voice audio from a remote player, it calls your `Client::UserAudioReceivedCallback`. This callback hands you the raw PCM audio data along with the user ID of the speaker. It also gives you an `outShouldMute` flag. Setting this to `true` tells Discord not to play the audio through its normal output and allows you to control where it gets played.

Reviewer: `[`Client::UserAudioReceivedCallback`]` should be able to link - why not link it?

Author: It wasn't getting picked up for some reason and then I noticed another spot we use it in our docs also doesn't link either. I meant to ask you about this and just now remembered. Should all of the callbacks auto-link? I made sure the naming was right and everything else linked properly

Author: Ah yep your fix did it, thank you!

> When Discord receives and decodes voice audio from a remote player, it calls your `Client::UserAudioReceivedCallback`. This callback hands you the raw PCM audio data along with the user ID of the speaker. It also gives you an `outShouldMute` flag. Setting this to `true` tells Discord not to play the audio through its normal output and allows you to control where it gets played.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Discord receives and decodes voice audio from a remote player, it calls the callback in [`Client::StartCallWithAudioCallbacks`]. The callback in this function hands you the raw PCM audio data along with the user ID of the speaker. It also gives you an `outShouldMute` flag. Setting this to `true` tells Discord not to play the audio through its normal output and allows you to control where it gets played.
```

Reviewer: Or we could fix the linking tool 😄
